Respository mainly contain artificial intelligence related projects.

1. Pilot scotter

Project description. 

    Project aims at helping the LA Dept of Transportation (LADOT) to develop a pilot scooter program for LA. 
    There are a limited number of police officers available to monitor and address issues that may arise from scooters, 
    ranging from traffic and safety violations to accidents with cars, bikes, other scooters and pedestrians. 
    The scooter companies have given LADOT access to scooterroutes over the course of one day. 
    In order to maximize the scooter activity monitored by the officers, you will take as input the route information,
    the monitored city area dimensions, and the number of officers available to then generate the best placement of the officers.
    The officers can only be in one place for one day, and there can only be one officer on each street. 
    When an officer and scooter are at the same location at the same time, the officer is able to address a safety issue, 
    and one “Activity point”is gained.The  goal  is  to  place  the  officers  in  locations  that  do  not conflict with each other, 
    while maximizing the total “Activity points” for the day(12 time steps in a day).
    
    Main Algorithm used: A*
    
   2. Homeless authority.
   
   Project description
   
   Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority(LAHSA)and Safe Parking LA (SPLA) are two  organizations  
   in  Los  Angeles  that  service  the  homeless  community.  LAHSA provides beds in shelters 
   and SPLA manages spaces in parking lots for people living in their cars. In the city’s new app for homelessness, 
   people in need of housing can apply for a space with either service.   we will help SPLA choose applicants that  meet  the  
   SPLA  specific  requirements  for  the  space  and  that  also optimize the use of the parking lot for that week.
   They are both picking from the same applicant list. They each have different resources and may not be qualified 
   to accept the same applicants. SPLA and LAHSAalternate choosingapplicants one by one.  
   They must choose an  applicant  if there is still a  qualified  oneon the list(no  passing).
   SPLA applicants must have a car and driver’s license, but no medical conditions.  
   LAHSA shelter can only serve women over 17 years old without pets. 
   Both SPLA and LAHSA have limited resources that must be used efficiently.  
   Efficiency is calculated by how many of the spaces are used during the week.  
   For example, a SPLA parking lot has 10 spacesand can have at most 10*7 days = 70 different applicants for the week. 
   SPLA tries to maximize its efficiency rate
   
   Main Algorithm Used: Max-Max (Verification of alpha-beta pruning)
   
   3. Autonimous car navigation.
   
   Project description.
   
   Find the policy for car to navigate in a uncertain environment.
   
   Algorithm used: Bellman equation, Markov decision process in an uncertain environment.
   
  
